Quickstart (#57)
tlsnotary/docs-mdbook: src/quick_start/README.md

# Quick Start

> This workshop will help you get started with TLSNotary, both in native [Rust](rust.md) and in the [browser](browser_extension.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This quick start will help you get started with TLSNotary, both in native [Rust](rust.md) and in the [browser](browser_extension.md).
```
